Okay folks in this clip we're going to learn
how to draw a battle android. Now what exactly
is an android. An android is a human shaped
or human designed robot, obviously. So, what
you're going to want to do first of all, is
start out by establishing dimensions and what
I mean by that is clearly define where everything
is supposed to be and really at this point
I would hope that you sort of already brainstormed
and decided exactly what your android's general
appearance is going to be. I would suggest
sticking to a relatively human shape simply
because that is what an android is supposed
to be, supposed to be a human shaped robot,
that is essentially what an android is. So
really come in and define exactly where all
the dimensions are, get your general outline
going. It's okay to add a few details at this
stage, I would say. I wouldn't go into too
much detail yet, simply because you're still
kind of trying to figure out where everything
is.
Really just kind of establish the general
pose. I'm putting my android in a position
of attack, that he's, I'm going to make him
look like he's firing at his enemy. I'm going
to make it seem like he has some sort of a
weapon on top of his outstretched arm there,
a little laser blast there. Come in and establish
where all the different body parts are. The
fun thing about drawing an android is, you're
allowed to obviously borrow from basic human
designs and when you're drawing this robot
creature. It's fun to kind of take certain
physical attributes of human beings and then
apply them in an unusual way to your robot.
What I would do is at certain point I would
come in, I would really start to define things
like the face, you obviously don't want it
to make it look too human because if it does,
that spoils the illusion of it being a robot
and you want to clearly make sure that everyone
understands that it is in fact a robot. Obviously,
you are free to do just about anything you
want in terms of design. From here on out
it's really all in the details. Kind of go
in there and really make sure people understand
the mechanics of it all and the shapes and
you could, at this point you can get into
some pretty crazy detail too. You can, you
know, add wires and tubes and all sorts of
crazy things to make it look, you know, more
machine like. So, go in and really add some
detail,
but once you've kind of gone over everything
and you're happy with it and really at the
end of the day what it ought to be close to
looking like. This is a general, you know,
look for a battle android and obviously you
are the designer so you may do whatever you
wish. This is my definition anyway of what
a battle android might look like.